
Let the colours if Holi bring cheer and happiness to your life. Happy Holi!
May the red of the gulal bring prosperity and the yellow of the haldi bring health. Happy Holi!
May all colours we play with bring colour into your life! Happy Holi
May God fill your life with colour! Happy Holi!
May god bless your life with colour and creativity. Happy Holi!
We smile, we flirt, we laugh and we fight and we do it all over again. Late’s dance, play with color and make the most of this colorful celebration. Happy Holi!
May the colours of Holi inspire you to colour you life anew!
Enjoy Gujiyas, Splash colours, put gulaal and have a wonderful Holi!!
Hope this change of season brings in good fortune & boundless happiness for you! Happy Holi!
May the colours of today brighten your year! Happy Holi!
Every holiday is not a HoliDay! Have fun! Happy Holi!
May this day burn away all that is bad in your life. Happy Holi!
Fill your life with the colors of happiness, gaiety, fun, and laughter. May the cheer of colors always remain in your heart! Happy Holi!
Have a colourful and bright Holi this time!
When you spread colour to someone,
You pass on the message of goodness and joy,
Let good win over evil,
Love everyone
Spread the Spirit of Holi!
Happiness is when you see brightness even in darkness, so keep on walking with the colorful mind to bring out the best color in you! Happy Holi!
May your troubles burn away like Holika, Happy Holi!
If I could I would send you a rainbow because it has all the colors to fill your heart with joy and happiness. Happy Holi!
If wishes come in rainbow colors then I would send the brightest one to say Happy Holi!
Happiness is the most beautiful color in life which I wish should stay forever with you. Happy Holi!
Dipped in hues of love and joy has come the festival of Holi. Happy Holi!!
This festival of Holi is a way to express your love using beautiful colors. So make this Holi the most memorable for all your near and dear ones, Happy Holi!
Before I met you my life was just a blank canvas. Then you came and filled it with colors and made me the happiest person alive. Thank you for being the rainbow in my life.
